1. INTRODUCTION
My name is Rafael Ramos. I want to pursue a career as a Web Developer or Software Engineer because I want to be a programmer someday.
but I'm not just a programmer, I guess what can I learn from what the prof teaches us in the major I'm taking somehow I know so for me I'm a jack of all trades, 
except for PM because I'm not good at paper, but I want to learn it the programming languages I know are Python, Java, and JavaScript and the server-side is PHP and xampp for the backend. 
For now, I'm focusing on one language which is javascript, because it is a broader language for me and we need a lot of time to learn this language. 
I have little experience in backend development. We previously used PHP and Xampp to create dummy data and connect to the front end.

2. Course Expectation
What I want to achieve in this course is how to generate logic, especially in the projects we develop,
because I have the most difficulty with logic, and I don't know how to improve in that part, so I want to learn logic.
Everything I can learn from our prof I want to learn and I know I will benefit because we are on track when we get out 
we will be able to use everything they taught especially in programming where we need to learn it for what we are going to do
A specific skill that I want to learn is everything even if little by little because I know that I need him not only in making 
the project but in reality. And when I learn from him I want to make my own.
I think the backend will help me a lot when I pursue being full-stack because the frontend and backend will be done and 
I need to learn how to connect the backend to the frontend for data it will have a big impact especially when it comes to the career path I want because I want to be a developer in the future.

3. Challenges and Areas for Improvement
For me, the most challenging thing for us is the creation of logic, especially now that there is a backend we need to focus on 
that with intention and understand it in a polished way so that when we are the ones who do the activity we know how it works and, 
I think in order for me to improve, we as a class have a recitation while coding a problem or teach so that even we think about 
the logic and what are the possible things that can be put in the code. Maybe in the activity, we can learn to make logic 
that is still in line with what was taught. So that we can get used to thinking and almost all activities are taught and we already 
have good practices. That's the only thing that I think is a challenge for us, the use of logic in code syntax.

4. Expectations from the Instructor
My expectation now for you sir is also challenging on your part where you study him and at the same time you teach us, 
and I think it's more exciting because it seems like we are all the same students and I think it will be a great benefit for us 
to also learn this backend that will be used, and I think there is not enough time to learn everything but I believe in you sir 
because we are more on practical and we see the errors in how you handle it and we can adopt him at the same time when it happens to us.

5. Final Thoughts
What I want to learn now is to be able to solve problems related to what we are studying now in programming. 
And I want to learn the papers, especially in the capstone because I'm weak there and at the same time 
I can practice coding and designing which I want to become a hobby.